Site content

---------------------------------------
	
|	Welcome to my website!	|

Hi, I'm Zoli! I study computer engineering at the Budapest University of Technology and Economics.
Having successfully completed the undergraduate program I am currently pursuing master's degree.
My main interests are computer graphics and creating video games.
I also like everything creative such as writing my own music.
If you would like to learn more about my work, please feel free to explore this site.


---------------------------------------

|	Biography	|

I was born in the year 1999 in Lučenec (Losonc), in the Slovak Republic.
Although my citizenship is slovak my nationality is hungarian.
I took part in numerous science contests since primary school.
I went to middle school in Fiľakovo (Fülek) which town is my current place of residence.
I am grateful for my math skills to my mother who is a mathematics teacher in primary school
and equally grateful to my father for my programming skills who is working as a software developer.
During the middle school years of my life I was focused on playing the piano.
My efforts in the field of music were acknowledged on multiple regional and countrywide competitions.
After middle school I decided to continue my studies in Hungary.
In the beginning of the year 2023 I earned a bachelor's degree in computer engineering at the Budapest University of Technology and Economics.
In my B.Sc. thesis I wrote about my volumetric rendering software, which is capable of visualizing CT, MRI or other 3D datasets.
As an undergraduate student I gained work experience by working at Tata Consultancy Services for 8 months.
I also worked as teaching assistant at the university.
In 2021 I reached III. placement at the universities Scientific Students' Associations Conference
for the work Visualization of relativistic phenomena.
I also gave a presentation about this work at the GrafGeo scientific conference in 2022.
Later in 2022 I reached first place at the Functional programming in C++ student contest held on the university.
Currently I am persuing master's degree at the same institution.
During the M.Sc. program my main specialisation is in the field of visual informatics and my secondary specialisation is quantum informatics.


--------------------------------------------

|	To be added	|


To be added...





